[Music]
this is what's going on in the factory
farms that is why I'm so angry that you
X vegans are coming out on the internet
and saying that you are no longer vegan
I don't have a hammer or at least I
don't know where it is so I have this
tequila bottle and you know oh let's try
that again
No okay this one's being tough
[Music]
title the video why I'm so angry it's
her saying this this here this is what's
going on in the factory farms that is
why I'm so angry that you X vegans are
coming out on the internet and saying
that you are no longer vegan that you've
incorporated some fish and eggs and
whatever back in your diet okay
so whoa so so here's my response
what if okay what if we could inspire
more people to eat plant-based
plant-based but not 100% 1000%
all the time perfectly vegan okay
because you do not know how many more
people in my life have started to eat
plant-based meals because of me and more
so since I've been less extreme when I
tell people that you know I'm vegan
mostly but if there's like a cookie that
my grandma baked for Christmas and it
has eggs in it I'm gonna eat it
people smile in 2019 most people talk
about expectations based on your
appearance in terms of privilege problem
here is not pretty girl privilege it's
really the opposite I think is he can't
imagine and can't quite get to grips
with the extent to which she is really
being trivialized and talked down to
when people in this condescending way
smile at her are positive and
encouraging when she reveals that she
herself does not live up to the moral
standards that she preaches for others
to follow or that she encourages others
to follow to put it that way now just as
easy Davis as all the advantages and
disadvantages of being a small
non-threatening and somewhat cute female
I have all the disadvantages of being a
large and scary
I have scary guy privilege and I know it
there was a teacher of mine so this was
a Chinese language teacher in Canada so
she's ethnically Chinese she grew up you
know Chinese is her first language in a
Chinese culture
she lived most your life in Taiwan and
you know when I told her that was vegan
she laughed and said oh no after you've
lived in China for a year you'll go back
to eating meat like after you lived in
China for any for even a few months you
know and I just looked at her and I said
do you think I'm weak and she said all
of the other students who went to China
some of them just went for like four
weeks and six weeks most of the programs
they had they were really that were not
even a few months long like six week
it's the whole course in China or
something she said all the students who
went over to China I came back she said
all of them who were vegetarian gave up
and and went back to eating meat and I
said they were weak there were other
people in the room I mean for me it kind
of is slow burn humor it is kind of
hilarious but serious um right they were
eliminated either due to their weakness
or their their immorality but you know
what does it mean for people to smile
and laugh at you for people to be warm
to use people to be nice to you for
people to say good for you when you tell
them that you can't live up to your own
moral standards you know I'm vegan
mostly but if there's like a cookie that
my grandma baked for Christmas and it
has eggs in it I'm gonna eat it people
smile people like that when you tell
them that you really have no credit
in you know preaching this ethical
position for others to follow because
you don't you don't strive sincerely
even to follow it yourself I have known
a lot of good-looking women who
struggled with the extent to which they
were never taken seriously I've never
known anyone who suffered or regretted
that they were taken too seriously I see
this I see this sub movement coming up
now of like 95% plant-based within the
nutrition world as well there's a lot of
research to support that and I'll have
to make a whole entire separate video
that could go on and on about why but
here's the argument if you're gonna use
the voting with your dollar approach to
if you're gonna use the voting with your
dollar appropriation to go vegan in your
lifetime and this is all gonna just be
rainbows and ponies great you can live
in that but it's the vegan movement does
not need a hundred percent of the
population to become vegan for it to win
the abolition of slavery did not wait
for one hundred percent of the
population to decide at a ballot box
that they wanted to abolish slavery for
veganism to make progress for veganism
to fundamentally change society for
veganism to achieve its long-term goals
we neither need 100% nor fifty
percent of people have become vegan what
percentage of people were actually
involved in the struggle to establish
gay rights in Canada
it wasn't 51% it wasn't 10%
it wasn't 5% a huge percentage of
Canadians were and still are
conservative Christians a shockingly
large percentage of Canadians are
conservative Catholics specifically but
the overwhelming majority of Canadians
were simply indifferent I don't think
it's unreasonable to say that even
within the city of Toronto the majority
of gay people were indifferent it wasn't
just a minority of Canadians who fought
for gay rights it was actually a
minority of homosexual Canadians who
were activists involved in the struggle
to establish gay rights but what do you
think of that as one percent or one half
of one percent they brought about legal
cultural and social change very
fundamentally transformed our whole
society step-by-step within my lifetime
if you're watching this video within
your lifetime - that's not the only
positive example we can point to how
many people really care about the fact
that cigarettes cause cancer how many
people were actively involved in
lobbying government to change the labels
on cigarette packages how many people
really care about drunk driving and
speed limits and seatbelts it wasn't the
case that America waited for 51% of
people to support the idea of seatbelts
a tiny tiny minority of people in the
United States America led by a guy named
Ralph Nader led a completely unpopular
minority movement to push for ultimately
legal changes legal changes that
oppressed the whole country that
oppressed the car manufacturers the car
manufacturers fought tooth and nail of
car manufacturers wanted seatbelts to be
optional not required and the government
ultimately made the decision No it
benefits us all as individuals at
benefit society as a whole
what veganism needs to win with veganism
needs to make progress
is not for 100% of people to be vegan
it's not for 51% people to be we need a
tiny talented minority who are willing
to press this case for cultural as well
as political change for me being more
flexible being like flexi vegan where
I'm like 95% vegan isn't a mistake it's
actually a conscious decision it's
actually for the hope that it's gonna
get more people to eat less animal
products as a whole but I also think
that we shouldn't see these people you
know having cravings and going to
resolve those cravings as a mistake why
is it a mistake if craving for it and
then simultaneously you're kind of like
I'm that vegan that like has to bring a
Tupperware with me every time I go to a
dinner party maybe maybe it makes sense
to kind of like
shake things up a little bit
[Music]
remember at crazy Thomas University the
future is you probably